en: add some notices about connectivity (#367)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/deploy-a-dm-cluster-using-tiup.md

> - Use `.` to indicate the subcategory of the configuration, such as `log.slow-threshold`. For more formats, see [TiUP configuration template](https://github.com/pingcap/tiup/blob/master/examples/dm/topology.example.yaml).
>
> - For more parameter description, see [master `config.toml.example`](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/blob/master/dm/master/dm-master.toml) and [worker `config.toml.example`](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/blob/master/dm/worker/dm-worker.toml).
>

> > - You need to make sure that the ports among the following components can be properly connected:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Make sure that the ports among the following components are interconnected:
```

> >     - The `peer_port` (`8291` by default) among the DM-master nodes can connect with each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>     - The `peer_port` (`8291` by default) among the DM-master nodes are interconnected.
```

>     - Each DM-master node can connect to the `port` of all DM-worker nodes (`8262` by default).

> >     - Each DM-master node can connect to the `port` of all DM-worker nodes (`8261` by default).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>     - Each DM-worker node can connect to the `port` of all DM-master nodes (`8261` by default).
```

> >     - Each DM-master node can connect to the `port` of all DM-worker nodes (`8261` by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>     - Each DM-worker node can connect to the `port` of all DM-master nodes (`8261` by default).
```
Be careful. We must provide the right information. @ireneontheway

>     - The TiUP nodes can connect to the `port` of all DM-master nodes (`8261` by default).

> >     - The TiUP nodes can connect to the `port` of all DM-master nodes (`8262` by default).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>     - The TiUP nodes can connect to the `port` of all DM-worker nodes (`8262` by default).
```
